test: add integration test using offline-fs-kbc (#57)
confidential-containers/image-rs: tests/README.md

repository `quay.io/kata-containers/confidential-containers` concretely.
* `allow/deny`: Whether the image to be pulled in this test should be allowed
or denied.

In `signature_verification.rs`, the tests are organized due different kinds

> of KBCs, which means for each given KBC, all the 4 tests mentioned will be

Reviewer: Nit: Numbers less than ten are better written as words:

```suggestion
of KBCs, which means for each given KBC, all four tests mentioned will be
```

Author: Thanks, sorry for non-native English user :-)
